Add guidance on the choice of the classification scheme for country-specific legal basis (#5)
open-contracting-extensions/ocds_legalBasis_extension: README.md

The `tender.legalBasis` field is a `Classification` object. Example classification schemes are [LEX](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lex_(URN)), [CELEX](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/content/help/faq/intro.html#help8) and [ELI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Legislation_Identifier).

To identify the procedure used, whether by formal name or by legal citation, use the [`tender.procurementMethodDetails`](https://standard.open-contracting.org/latest/en/schema/reference/#release-schema.json,/definitions/Tender,procurementMethodDetails) field.

To indicate whether the contracting process is covered by a treaty, like the Agreement on Government Procurement (GPA), use the [coveredBy](https://extensions.open-contracting.org/en/extensions/coveredBy/) extension. To indicate whether the contracting process is accelerated, involves framework agreements, or has other modalities, [browse the extensions](https://extensions.open-contracting.org/).

## Guidance

> If the legal basis is country-specific, it is recommended to add an ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 prefix to the classification scheme (e.g "HN-ONCAE" for the Oficina Normativa de Contratación y Adquisiciones del Estado, in Honduras).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the legal basis is country-specific, it is recommended to prefix the [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2) to the classification scheme: for example, "HN-ONCAE" for the Oficina Normativa de Contratación y Adquisiciones del Estado (ONCAE) in Honduras.
```
